# Tasks

Dev kit: Case study - Port the camkes case study application to microkit
Original estimate - 2 weeks
16/04/2024
Found out can't use the camkes code directly as camkes uses templates to generate code. Decided to use the ethernet driver and ip stack in the sddf.
New task: Port the sddf ethernet driver and ip stack to the dev kit - Estimate 1 week 
17/04/2024
Looked through the guide on the sddf Bill sent me and started to look at the sddf code. Found example echo_server which initialises and ip stack and benchmarks ip.
18/04/2024
Tried to build the example in the sddf however compiler errors prevented that from completing. Can't use the code directly therefore did not pursue building any further.
Copied the application to the dev kit area. Should it stay as an application or be made a library? Need a more complex build structure if it stayed an application.
Need to understand how the case study works to be able to decide if it should be a library or application in itself.
- The ethernet driver only links with the ip stack therefore does not need to be linked to the case study code 
- The ip stack links to the transmitter component therefore needs to be linked with the dev kit code 
  - Need to work out how the transmitter calls into the ip stack - Need to update the code to use the lwip 
- The camkes applcation use the picserver as a library therefore best to do the same 
New task: Create an ip stack library in cmake which pulls in all the required files - Estimate 1 day
New task: Make the new ip library compile and link - 3 days
New task: Link the ip library with the rest of the dev kit - 1 day 

Need to remake the make file to be compatible with the dev kit 
- Might need to make a library file for each part of the case study application - each image is its own protection domain therefore each one needs to be its own library to work with cmake build system.
- Test with the lwip library first - don't add the exectuables as libraries can add them directly into the top cmake file as images. 


Publish DMA library - Push DMA library adapted from camkes project_libs to repo with instructions on how to use in a project 

Microkit to new platfrom - Found pre-existing microkit porting guide from UNSW. Follow through with Odroid XU4 and prepare user report. Link to this guide within the dev kit

